Special abilities PR 5, Split Speed values (#8)
GameBrains/er-core: modules/special-rules/pages/data-sheet-modifiers.adoc

= Data sheet modifiers

> These abilities to not provide special rules effects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These abilities do not provide special rules effects.
```

> Rather, they modify the characteristics in the unit's data sheet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rather, they modify the characteristic values on unit data sheets.
```
